markupsafe: pypi.sh
pycairo: 3
pygments: pypi.sh
pygobject3: 4
pyparsing: 3
python-attrs: pypi.sh
python-build: pypi.sh
python-certifi: pypi.sh
python-chardet: 3
python-distro: pypi.sh
python-docutils: pypi.sh
python-flit: 3
python-flit-core: pypi.sh
python-idna: 3
python-installer: 3
python-lxml: lxml
python-pam: pypi.sh
python-pexpect: pypi.sh
python-pillow: 3
python-psutil: pypi.sh
python-ptyprocess: pypi.sh
python-pytz: pypi.sh
python-requests: pypi.sh
python-setproctitle: pypi.sh
python-six: 3
tomli-w: pypi.sh
python-urllib3: 3
pyyaml: pypi.sh
setuptools: pypi.sh
wheel: pypi.sh
gi-docgen: pypi.sh
python-hatchling: pypi.sh
python-editables: pypi.sh
python-pathspec: pypi.sh
python-pluggy: pypi.sh
setuptools-scm: pypi.sh
python-typing-extensions: pypi.sh
python-calver: 3
python-trove-classifers: pypi.sh
python-markdown: pypi.sh
pyproject-hooks: pypi.sh
python-typogrify: pypi.sh
python-smartypants: 3
python-looseversion: pypi.sh
python-packaging: pypi.sh
python-pyqt5: pypi.sh
python-sip: pypi.sh
python-pyqt5-sip: pypi.sh
python-pyqt-builder: pypi.sh
python-chai: pypi.sh
